                          (C) 2014 HuangJinDong

  This is the journal of my project, it will be updated until my project is finished.  

-- Mon Jan 20, 2014 
   Today I configure the git environment of project's and update 
   it to GitHub. At the same time, I also learn some knowledge 
   about shell. This project will be more interesting and difficult.
   But, I will do my best to finish it. See you tomorrow!     

-- Tue Jan 21, 2014
   Tonight, I learn more about shell grammar and some functions it 
   has, such as background control and so on. I think it is better
   to finish a simple shell. And add more functions day after day. 	
   So, I will code at next time.

-- Thu Jan 23, 2014
   Since the parsing is more difficult than lexical analysis, so, I 
   plan to implement lexical analysis first, after this, I will ss
   finish the parsing. By the way, I finish the DFA of shell command
   tonight. I believe that everything will be interesting if I stick to.

-- Thu Jan 30, 2014
   Today is New Year's Eve. I still code this day, just now, I'm coding  
   the scanner of ddsh. Of course, it is not finished. But, I think I  
   will finish it in the next and then continue to go ahead.  
   	
-- Sun Feb 2, 2014
   I code parts of DFA program. I think I should code more in one time.

-- Mon Feb 3, 2014
   I has been finished the essential DFA program and compile successfully.
   But there were some problem occur when program run. Fix them next 
   time!

-- FRI Feb 14, 2014  
   It can't execute a program with parameters yet, but tonight I find 
   that if I input lots of test command then the shell can identify parts 
   of parameters. This problem is puzzled me few days. At the some time, 
   when I fight with this problem, I find out other problems and fix them. 
   I will fix it finally!!!
  
-- Tue Feb 18, 2014
   Today is my lucky day. I fix that problem eventually! By some tips. You 
   can see in my program. Now, the ddsh can execute commands from stdin 
   or files. I will add some internal commands for ddsh at the next time.
   In addition, I will implement the function of '|', ';' and so on.  

-- Wed Feb 19, 2014
   I write a general framework for build-in commands, and it works well.
   Next time, I will implement them in detail.

-- Thu Feb 20, 2014
   Finish the "cd" and "pwd" and write historical commands into .history.
   I learn that you should use fflush(stream) to write the data into file
   when you operate a stream.

-- Fri Feb 21, 2014
   Finish the code of build-in command. Next time will complete the key 
   processor(e: up, down, left, right) and the cursor processor.

-- Sun Feb 23, 2014
   The key process is so difficult. Now, it only can identify which one
   is up or down or left or right. Fight!

-- Thu Feb 25, 2014
   OK, I use readline instead of keyprocess because the readline is more
   simply and powerful. I implement the TAB and UP and DOWN and LEFT and 
   RIGHT. But, the tab only can polishing the file and directory but the 
   command, I will finish it next time.

-- Thu Feb 25, 2014
   Tonight, I finish the auto-completion of command and write an error
   processor for execute command. Next time, I will begin to code the 
   parse of ddsh. It is the most difficult.

-- Sat Mar 1, 2014
   Finish lots parts of the parser, it occur two or more problem now, 
   I try to fix them at next time.

